com/example/exercisegreenroad/location/TrackingLocationTask.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.location.TrackingLocationTask
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.location.TrackingLocationTask$1
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.location.TrackingLocationTask$2
com/example/exercisegreenroad/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.BuildConfig
com/example/exercisegreenroad/device/AppBase.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.device.AppBase
com/example/exercisegreenroad/manage/GoogleAPIManager.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.manage.GoogleAPIManager
com/example/exercisegreenroad/utils/Logger.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Logger
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Logger$Line
com/example/exercisegreenroad/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/example/exercisegreenroad/manage/PreferencesBase.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.manage.PreferencesBase
com/example/exercisegreenroad/location/LocationTaskListener.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.location.LocationTaskListener
com/example/exercisegreenroad/databinding/ItemGlocationFullBinding.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.databinding.ItemGlocationFullBinding
com/example/exercisegreenroad/objects/GLocation.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.objects.GLocation
com/example/exercisegreenroad/databinding/ItemGlocationPointBinding.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.databinding.ItemGlocationPointBinding
com/example/exercisegreenroad/geofencing/GeofenceService.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.geofencing.GeofenceService
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.geofencing.GeofenceService$1
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.geofencing.GeofenceService$2
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.geofencing.GeofenceService$3
com/example/exercisegreenroad/utils/Json.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Json
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Json$DateAdapter
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Json$DateDeAdapter
com/example/exercisegreenroad/objects/LocationHistory.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.objects.LocationHistory
com/example/exercisegreenroad/ui/GLocationAdapter.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.ui.GLocationAdapter
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.ui.GLocationAdapter$GLocationAdapterListener
com/example/exercisegreenroad/ui/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.ui.MapsActivity
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.ui.MapsActivity$1
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.ui.MapsActivity$2
com/example/exercisegreenroad/location/LocationTask.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.location.LocationTask
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.location.LocationTask$1
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.location.LocationTask$2
com/example/exercisegreenroad/utils/Utils.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Utils
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Utils$1
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Utils$2
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.utils.Utils$runOnUIListener
com/example/exercisegreenroad/geofencing/GeofencingBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.geofencing.GeofencingBroadcastReceiver
com/example/exercisegreenroad/manage/PreferencesManager.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.manage.PreferencesManager
com/example/exercisegreenroad/manage/AppManager.java
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.manage.AppManager
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.manage.AppManager$1
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.manage.AppManager$2
 com.example.exercisegreenroad.manage.AppManager$AddPointTask
